Add rb entry (#2897)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/semantic-html/terms/rb/rb.md

---
Title: '<rb>'
Description: 'Serving as the base component in ruby annotations for East Asian text, this element's use has declined and is now listed as deprecated.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Semantic'
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`<rb>`** element designates the base text for ruby annotations in East Asian languages. It must be within `<ruby>` tags and is often paired with `<rt>` for pronunciation guides and `<rp>` for fallback rendering.

Reviewer: [Proofreading] Always hyperlink elements that correlate to the one you're writing about. 
```suggestion
The **`<rb>`** element designates the base text for ruby annotations in East Asian languages. It must be within `<ruby>` tags and is often paired with [`<rt>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/semantic-html/rt) for pronunciation guides and `<rp>` for fallback rendering.
```

> > **Note:** The `<rb>` tag is considered deprecated, meaning it's no longer recommended for use in new projects. Be sure to consult current web standards and best practices when working with ruby annotations.

Reviewer: [Proofreading] Consider naming the element that replaced the deprecating one.
```suggestion
> **Note:** The `<rb>` tag is considered deprecated, meaning it's no longer recommended for use in new projects. What is used now is `<ruby>`.
```

> 
> ## Example
> 
> The example below showcases how the `<rb>` tag is used to transliterate the Chinese characters meaning 'I like to write code' inside a `<ruby>` element.
> 
> ```pseudo
> <ruby>
>   <rb>我</rb><rt>I</rt>
>   <rb>喜欢</rb><rt>like</rt>
>   <rb>写</rb><rt>to write</rt>
>   <rb>程序</rb><rt>code</rt>
> </ruby>

Reviewer: [Proofreading] You forgot to add the syntax section(see my suggestion below). This is something you must always do when creating an entry. See the [term entry template](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/term-entry-template.md) for reference. 
```suggestion
## Syntax

```html
<ruby>
<rp> (</rp> <rt> <--text goes here --></rt> <rp>) </rp>  
</ruby> 

## Example

The example below showcases how the `<rb>` tag is used to transliterate the Chinese characters meaning 'I like to write code' inside a `<ruby>` element.

```html
<ruby>
  <rb>我</rb><rt>I</rt>
  <rb>喜欢</rb><rt>like</rt>
  <rb>写</rb><rt>to write</rt>
  <rb>程序</rb><rt>code</rt>
</ruby>
```

```

This is what it looks like in the browser:

![Output of the above code with English translations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/iliketowritecode.png)

Another approach is to replace the English translations with Pinyin, which represents the Chinese characters using the Roman alphabet for pronunciation guidance. Here's an example: 

> ```pseudo
> <ruby>
>   <rb>我</rb><rt>wǒ</rt>
>   <rb>喜欢</rb><rt>xǐ huān</rt>
>   <rb>写</rb><rt>xiě</rt>
>   <rb>程序</rb><rt>chéng xù</rt>
> </ruby>
> ```

Reviewer: [Proofreading] [The style guide](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md#code) suggests using the language's name when writing code snippets. 
```suggestion
```html
<ruby>
  <rb>我</rb><rt>wǒ</rt>
  <rb>喜欢</rb><rt>xǐ huān</rt>
  <rb>写</rb><rt>xiě</rt>
  <rb>程序</rb><rt>chéng xù</rt>
</ruby>
```
```

---
Title: '<rb>'
Description: 'Representing the base component in ruby annotations for East Asian text, its use has declined and it is now considered deprecated.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Semantic'

>   - 'Tags'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Tags'
  - 'Obsolete'
```
We have an "Obsolete" tag for cases like this where the item is depreciated.

Author: Great! Thank you :) Will remember that for next time.

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`<rb>`** element designates the base text for ruby annotations in East Asian languages. It must be within `<ruby>` tags and is often paired with [`<rt>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/semantic-html/rt) for pronunciation guides and `<rp>` for fallback rendering.

> **Note:** The `<rb>` tag is considered deprecated, meaning it's no longer recommended for use in new projects. Be sure to consult current web standards and best practices when working with ruby annotations.

## Syntax

```html
<ruby>
  <rb>Base text goes here</rb>
  <rp>(</rp> <rt>Annotation text goes here</rt> <rp>)</rp>
</ruby>
```

## Example

The example below showcases how the `<rb>` tag is used to transliterate the Chinese characters meaning 'I like to write code' inside a `<ruby>` element.

```html
<ruby>
  <rb>我</rb><rt>I</rt> <rb>喜欢</rb><rt>like</rt> <rb>写</rb><rt>to write</rt>
  <rb>程序</rb><rt>code</rt>
</ruby>
```

This is what it looks like in the browser:

> ![Output of the above code with English translations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/iliketowritecode.png)

Reviewer: [nitpick] I recommend making the image smaller so it can fit into the entry. Here's what I use to help me with that: https://imageresizer.com/
```suggestion
![Output of the above code with English translations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/iliketowritecode.png)
```

Another approach is to replace the English translations with Pinyin, which represents the Chinese characters using the Roman alphabet for pronunciation guidance. Here's an example:

```html
<ruby>
  <rb>我</rb><rt>wǒ</rt> <rb>喜欢</rb><rt>xǐ huān</rt> <rb>写</rb><rt>xiě</rt>
  <rb>程序</rb><rt>chéng xù</rt>
</ruby>
```

Running this code will display the following:

> ![Output of the above code with Pinyin transliterations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/woxihuanxiechengxu.png)

Reviewer: [nitpick] See my feedback [on this line](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/2897/files#r1278608779). They share the same issue. 
```suggestion
![Output of the above code with Pinyin transliterations](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/woxihuanxiechengxu.png)
```
